README.md, before:

# jerasure
nim bindings for https://github.com/tsuraan/Jerasure
- check C2NIM which will do most of the work

### src ###
This source folder contains the converted c headers to nim.

### Shared Library ###
The Project uses a shared library method to create binding, there were a few options to
create bindng, one of which include, compiling the required header or c files, the best
options truely depends on the developer.

### No building header files needed ###
Because we are using shared library methods, we don't need to build c files.
this makes the project smaller in size. But we can make the project depend on both
header files and sharedlibrary when one of them is missing we can easily switch to available one.

### Common Shared Library path ###
- /usr/local/lib

### Platform Issue ###
The development was made on two platforms
- Debian 8(jessie)
- Ubuntu 16.04

During development ubuntu failed to automatically load for us the shared library path
this made our problem complain.
```sh
    ./jerasure_01: error while loading shared libraries: libJerasure.so.2: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
```

the walk around was to
```sh
    export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```

As for debian looks like everything is okay it makes sharedlibrary available by default

### Dependencies ###
```sh
    sudo apt-get install libjerasure-dev
```

Optionally the init.sh script can help configure dependencies.

#### Using the init.sh script to configure and test jerasure binding. ####
- Checking and installing dependencies required ( not nim )
```sh
./init depends
```

- Installing  nim jerasure binding with init.sh
```sh
# This will move the whole jerasure binding to /usr/lib/nim for global access.
# by nim scripts that need binding.
./init install 
```

- Unistalling or purging jerasure with init.sh
```sh
    # This will do the opposite of the install command, rm -rf /usr/lib/nim/jerasure
    ./init purge
```

### How to use Jerasure nim binding in you project ###
After you have performed the installation step as shown above.
- Create a simple jtesting.nim
```py
    import jerasure.src.jerasure
    import jerasure.src.galois
    import jerasure.src.cauchy
    import jerasure.src.liberation
    import jerasure.src.reed_sol
    import jerasure.src.sharedlib # Not part of the standard binding
    import jerasure.src.templates # Not part of the standard binding
    import jerasure.src.gf_typedef # Not part of the standard binding
    import jerasure.src.timing
```
- Compile if there are no errors complaining about missing modules. Greate! we good to develop using this binding.

### Testing the binding examples ###
You will see a directory called nimexample. Let's test the binding.
```sh
    nim c nimexample/jerasure_01.nim
    # The ouput will be inside the nimexample go in.
    ./jerasure_01 
    # You should see some output.
    
    nim c nimexample/galois_01.nim
    ./galois_01 # If no output we are good, if there are out put assertion failure.
    
    # You can do the same with other examples inside.
```
TODO: Just for kicks we could have made our examples take commandline input like:
```sh
    ./jerasure_01 2 4 12 # INFO r=2 c=3 w=14
    # The above won't work with our examples because we didn't make it take commandline option.
```
### Possible Bugs ###
```py
    # If this binding of timing raises and error let me know
    # for for the whole testing on Ubuntu had no error seen.
    # but for testing in Debian there was an error.
    import jerasure.src.timing 
```
### Enjoy! ###

Commit message:

Bug fix in the init.sh

README.md, after:

# jerasure
nim bindings for https://github.com/tsuraan/Jerasure
- check C2NIM which will do most of the work
- 
### src ###
This source folder contains the converted c headers to nim.

### Shared Library ###
The Project uses a shared library method to create binding, there were a few options to
create bindng, one of which include, compiling the required header or c files, the best
options truely depends on the developer.

### No building header files needed ###
Because we are using shared library methods, we don't need to build c files.
this makes the project smaller in size. But we can make the project depend on both
header files and sharedlibrary when one of them is missing we can easily switch to available one.

### Common Shared Library path ###
- /usr/local/lib

### Platform Issue ###
The development was made on two platforms
- Debian 8(jessie)
- Ubuntu 16.04

During development ubuntu failed to automatically load for us the shared library path
this made our problem complain.
```sh
    ./jerasure_01: error while loading shared libraries: libJerasure.so.2: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
```

the walk around was to
```sh
    export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```

As for debian looks like everything is okay it makes sharedlibrary available by default

### Dependencies ###
```sh
    sudo apt-get install libjerasure-dev
```

Optionally the init.sh script can help configure dependencies.

#### Using the init.sh script to configure and test jerasure binding. ####
- Checking and installing dependencies required ( not nim )
```sh
./init depends
```

- Installing  nim jerasure binding with init.sh
```sh
# This will move the whole jerasure binding to /usr/lib/nim for global access.
# by nim scripts that need binding.
./init install 
```

- Unistalling or purging jerasure with init.sh
```sh
    # This will do the opposite of the install command, rm -rf /usr/lib/nim/jerasure
    ./init purge
```

### How to use Jerasure nim binding in you project ###
After you have performed the installation step as shown above.
- Create a simple jtesting.nim
```py
    import jerasure.src.jerasure
    import jerasure.src.galois
    import jerasure.src.cauchy
    import jerasure.src.liberation
    import jerasure.src.reed_sol
    import jerasure.src.sharedlib # Not part of the standard binding
    import jerasure.src.templates # Not part of the standard binding
    import jerasure.src.gf_typedef # Not part of the standard binding
    import jerasure.src.timing
```
Pass the path were our module was installed to see where the module is installed re run the script with the install command
```sh
    nim c -p:/path/to/our/module jtesting.nim
```
- Compile if there are no errors complaining about missing modules. Greate! we good to develop using this binding.

### Testing the binding examples ###
You will see a directory called nimexample. Let's test the binding.
```sh
    # Please note that /usr/local may change depending on your installation directory
    # You may need to note when installing the script it will show you where
    # the module is installed.
    nim c -p:/usr/local nimexample/jerasure_01.nim
    # The ouput will be inside the nimexample go in.
    ./jerasure_01 
    # You should see some output.
    
    nim c -p:/usr/local nimexample/galois_01.nim
    ./galois_01 # If no output we are good, if there are out put assertion failure.
    
    # You can do the same with other examples inside.
```
NOTE: When running ./init.sh you will see where our module is installed.
so you may use that path when compiling as demostrated.
TODO: Just for kicks we could have made our examples take commandline input like:
```sh
    ./jerasure_01 2 4 12 # INFO r=2 c=3 w=14
    # The above won't work with our examples because we didn't make it take commandline option.
```
### Possible Bugs ###
```py
    # If this binding of timing raises and error let me know
    # for for the whole testing on Ubuntu had no error seen.
    # but for testing in Debian there was an error.
    import jerasure.src.timing 
```
### Enjoy! ###
